iPhone: Custom ology
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do have not read. Read on it yet. I had a really active busy weekend I had people over and so I wasn't able to
iPhone: Yeah I know, me too. I went to Las Cruces on Saturday, and my daughter.
iPhone: Like had her had my mom's China stuff out, had a tea parties being all said a
iPhone: Bite. She made with it and peach cobbler and I spent and I over there. JOHN and I did do it.
iPhone: And then I gotta see my son that has the brain thing.
iPhone: John fix my daughter's air conditioner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sees by happy.
iPhone: And then the green light. And then we came back Sunday, and then we went to my son's
iPhone: And he cooked out steaks and shrimp and stuff. It was the best Mother's Day, usually on Mother's Day. I don't even get a card or nothing. Well, I do from Johns and crest and usually gives me one, or if he doesn't, Melissa always sends me one. It's about a week late but that's okay.
iPhone: Here I got to be here and it was so nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, so
iPhone: Yeah, it was.
iPhone: It was so thankful. You were here, my daughter was very thankful I was here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that makes it even better.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so your son that has the brain tumor. Any news update on him.
iPhone: Now they keep bumping out his appointment. Now it's on next Monday. So
iPhone: Cuz
iPhone: You got to go in for emergency neurosurgery
iPhone: Oh,
iPhone: Oh, yeah.
iPhone: That
iPhone: That line of work is pretty demanding, you gotta go when they need it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Now, right.
iPhone: Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any issues for you this week. How's everything been going for you.
iPhone: I've just been so tired. I just been so tired. I don't know. It's
iPhone: Really being. And it's a real drag. Hate to be so tired all the time, but
iPhone: Usually like on weekends I get a lay around not doing much this weekend I was all over the place, not home very much didn't get arrested a whole lot. So
iPhone: That I came home and I went to bed early Sunday night, nearly last night that still really tired tonight. I can go to bed right after our call probably and just
iPhone: Sleep 12 hours.
iPhone: Or whatever 10 1112 hours.
Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doctors and women's coming up for you.
iPhone: Oh yeah, I got a I got a
iPhone: I had a pap smear, and a breast exam last week and they found a not about like that underneath my arm right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
iPhone: But I've had implants and every time I get them checked it says it's scar tissue.
iPhone: Okay, it is, you know,
iPhone: But this this one I can feel it might be SILICONE OR SOMETHING THAT traveled up there.
iPhone: I don't know. I
iPhone: I had silicone implants in 89 and I got him out. No three, and they were so rupture dare disintegrated in my body.
iPhone: So, it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get them replanted
iPhone: Yeah, was sailing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Godzilla. I've heard a lot of bad things with silicone
Yeah.
iPhone: I know
iPhone: And I was an idiot. I should have never got any more. I told her not to
iPhone: Know if I have to get them out and leave them out.
iPhone: First thing she wanted when she met me
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: his breast.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny. Isn't it funny how we we will alter
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything physical
You know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not realize the whole process, it takes to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right kind of amazing to me what we do with ourselves, you know,
iPhone: I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: feel loved and accepted and it's kind of crazy.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good stuff though.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think, and I think everybody needs to experience some kind of cosmetic surgery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I just do. I just think that somebody needs to experience it because it is a crazy road.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, alright, so you have a lump in your breast. I'm thinking that it's probably maybe scar tissue, but might not be because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, tender and so
iPhone: I've done if it's cancer. I don't know, though, for sure, you know, but I don't. I did my genetic testing. I don't have any of the markers or anything. None of my
iPhone: Family's ever had any breast cancer, you know, yeah, my sister has lumps all the time, and it's not breast cancer. It's like non duels, or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nigel's yeah
iPhone: Whatever.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you drink a lot of soda.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I know that because
iPhone: Yeah I drink. Maybe one a day maybe sometimes none.
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's not them at all and have the reason why I was asking is, wow. Have you had your blood checked or your yeah your blood check lately.
iPhone: Yes. Okay, good. Yeah, everything's good.
iPhone: On normal
iPhone: Well, my blood in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: His normal
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your vitamin D.
iPhone: If you get enough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Done right yeah you live in New Mexico for sure. Getting enough sun right
iPhone: Yeah, okay. Yeah. My son has a pool or go over there sometimes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, good.
iPhone: I've been out in the sun. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been Amazon. Yeah, your tan. You're not ghost ghostly
Know,
iPhone: Just my face because I i put real strong sunblock on my face because I have all these splotches my friend that's Hispanic down. She's from here. She goes, Look at our skin like a few years ago, I went to Colorado and here she goes, How come you're all splotch
iPhone: I'm glad I why I do a lot
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny. That is funny. Everything is going good in your recovery still talk to your people and doing doing your thing huh
iPhone: Yeah, I am. I'm raining. Yeah, keeps me on that path.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, this is good.
iPhone: Pockets. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I like you. Can you when you share in group. I want to tell you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you're just a great participant in group and I love what you have to bring to the table and what you share, you know, because I think it's important that they hear it, you know.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really do. Sometimes, though, it feels like nobody wants to talk
Yeah.
iPhone: Oh, I'll always talk. I just I just keep my mouth shut, because I want to, I mean someone else's
iPhone: Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but sometimes like was last Monday. People don't want, I mean they just want a shish.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, yeah, yeah. Trying to reel something you don't want me to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you had to bring to the table this week was really good. So I just wanted to
iPhone: Come in.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell you. Thank you very much for
iPhone: Yes, I've been
iPhone: Are going to talk a little not talking to the texting with misty every day.
iPhone: And she's got a
iPhone: Job and she's working and doing really well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you get what he's saying.
iPhone: I'm an empath
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am. It's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, when people are struggling
iPhone: Yeah, and I also I got paid today. I told Clinton that I would buy some shoes from him, so I gotta
iPhone: Look, or have my I'll probably have my son order. I'm going to buy them for my grandson. Yes, it can draw like some like Sonic the Hedgehog or something on them, you know,
Yeah.
iPhone: Just to be able to, you know, let them know that, hey, his, his talent is worth the effort. It is hard for thanks things will get better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, my
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dad.
iPhone: My dad committed suicide 10 days after my third birthday, so I'm a real non suicide person, although I have my mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I think we all have our moments, but I think that you just being there and supporting you know what I mean.
iPhone: Yeah, because
iPhone: Awesome. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your plan is is that you're going to sleep after we get through.
iPhone: Yeah. JOHN wants me to go grocery shopping, but that's too much of a chore for me to go yeah it when we were in a truck. He would go. We were park at a Walmart parking lot and I go to sleep, and he'd go shopping.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As a way to do it right.
iPhone: It just got done making dinner today when I came home, he was vacuuming. Didn't the laundry yesterday, I got a great man.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does chores around the house.
iPhone: Yeah. Yes, he does. I won't work. If he doesn't, he knows dog for a walk out of work. So I don't like living in a mess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And like that's what partnerships all about, right.
iPhone: That's right. Right. I did it for long enough, the past three years, it says turn
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm over it take over.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to rest.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no issues.
iPhone: Until we're about to chicken match and I feel free. Oh, yeah. JOHN built man chicken mansion chicken coop.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your new house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Oh.
iPhone: We have for him there. My daughter raised Him from baby chicks Their little birth. There's still little but they're not a full fledged yet they're going to be real soon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're cute with their little bit, didn't they turn into these ugly ducklings
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, where are they, yeah.
iPhone: And that's what stage. They're in right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Though ugly stage.
iPhone: They're like probably
iPhone: As big as this book.
iPhone: Spring journal
iPhone: I haven't been journaling lately. I noticed I really should do that especially right now with the coven
iPhone: No.
iPhone: Idea. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stay in your routines, a little bit.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't get out of them.
No.
iPhone: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, that's what you're going to work on this week.
iPhone: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's your. There's your homework.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're
iPhone: Playing yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pick it back up. Be mindful about you know about your journaling. It's important you know it it's important, important piece, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK.
iPhone: OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You to tell me I've been doing it. I did it so many times this week.
iPhone: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, in a rest. Okay.
iPhone: All right. Go on your street epistemology.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know everybody down already.
iPhone: Oh my goodness. JOHN to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well,
iPhone: You'd like you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell him I will
iPhone: Okay see well
iPhone: Alright.
iPhone: Have a great
iPhone: Evening. I'll talk to you later.
iPhone: All right.